Automatic Image Policy
Automatic Image Policy Help Documentation
Please select search type
Policy Id
Policy Name
Please enter the Policy ID for precise search
Please enter the Policy name for fuzzy search
Associate the number of instance
Policy Details
Policy Status
Backup Interval
Backup Start Time
Last Backup Time
Next Backup Time
Image Associated Disk
Policy Creation Time
Policy Modification Time
Number of Associated Instance
Policy Log
No Image Policy Data
Modify Policy
Associated Resource
Disabling Policy
Enabling Policy
Cross-regional Policy Reproduction
Delete Policy
Enable
Disable
From XXX on, back up the Policy every XXX
Associated Instance
XX instances have been associated with the current policy. After the Policy is deleted, such instances cannot create automatic images according to this policy.
In the case that the current policy is creating images, the deletion of this policy will not affect the result of image creation.
Confirm to delete the Policy
Modify the Automatic Image Policy
Create the Automatic Image Policy
Automatic image is not enabled for the local system disk instance, so the Automatic Image Policy cannot be associated.
Snapshot is unnavigable in the local disk, so the generated image excludes the local disk in the instance.
The generated automatic image will occupy your image quota and snapshot quota. When either quota is exceeded, the automatic image will not be created.
Backup Start Time
The image will be created 30min after the specified start time
The backup interval should be no less than 12 hours and no longer than 365 days
All Disks in the Instance
Specified Disk
If the specified disk exceeds the disk mounted by the instance, the generated image will not contain the excess disk.
After the Policy is created, the enabled policy will create image regularly, and the disabled policy cannot create image.
Policy Log
New Log Creation Service
Log Set
Please select log set for the log to be delivered
Log Subject
Please select the subject of log to be delivered
Last Executive Time
Next Executive Time
Every
Day
Week
Hour
Second
Minute
Hour
Cross-regional Policy Reproduction
The name of the default copy of the Policy is the same as that of the source policy, and description will be automatically added to identify the policy source
Address o Source Policy
Source Policy Information
Policy
Dissociation
Batch Dissociation
XXX instances have been selected. Confirm to dissociate the source policy: Association of XXX

Each instance can only be associated with an automatic image policy at one time. Operating on an instance that has been associated with a policy will disassociate it from the original policy.
Local disk system disk cannot be associated with a policy.
Please enter the search criteria
Instance ID
Instance Name
Current Associated Policy
XX instance(s) selected

Automatic image is unavailable for the local system disk instance
Dissociate
New Policy
Please select the Automatic Image Policy
Current Automatic Image Policy has been deleted. Please change the image policy
Automatic Image
Each instance can only be associated with an automatic image policy at one time. Operating on an instance that has been associated with a policy will disassociate it from the original policy.
Automatic image is unavailable for the local disk system disk instance, so the instance cannot be associated with the Automatic Image Policy.
Selected Instance
Remove
Associated Policy
Set Automatic Image
The device name displayed on the console may be inconsistent with the actual device name in the instance. Please confirm that the device name you specified in the Automatic Image Policy contains the device to be backed up.